The user is greeted with a home page consisting of a discreet main menu located at the top of the site that contains the site’s logo, the main navigation and the options to register (sign up) or login. Following, a hero section (in desktop view) with a general description and a call to action similar to that of the main menu (registration, login). A representative picture is located on the right edge of the screen. In the main section of the home page we have on the top right a filter with the option of sorting the photos that follow based on their category. The photos resemble polaroid photos that enlarge upon interaction (touch for mobile users, hover for PC users). Upon clicking or pressing an image we are then relocated to the corresponding photo page. At the bottom of the home page we find the footer which consists of 2 rows and 3 columns. A logo of the site with the site’s moto, an account section and a contact section. Finally, the copyright and the social media icons. If the user wishes to quickly navigate to the top on the bottom right corner there is always a button that performs the action in a smooth and controlled way. The main menu section and the footer persist on all pages of the site.
Upon selecting the about link in the main menu, the user is transferred to the about page that contains general information about the site, cookie settings and a legal notice.

In the contact us section the user is presented a form that looks like an envelope in which they can write their message in order to contact the site’s administration.

Upon registration (sign up) a form is shown containing the necessary fields to register the user’s account. Similarly the login contain fields necessary to login.

When the user is logged in, in the main page we see a discreet change to the CTA (call to action) which transforms to logout. The user can click or touch their icon which will take them to their account’s dashboard. There they have the option to manage their account, photos, comments, likes and view their downloads, as well as logout. If the user is an administrator, they have the option to manage their account, all photos, categories, comments and other users. As it is obvious an administrator has also the option to logout.
That concludes the navigation (user’s journey) of the site. It is designed to be intuitive, unintrusive and aesthetically pleasing.
